readme.md, before:

# TechScraper
A modular web scraping and data analysis tool designed to extract technical data and visualize it using Jupyter Notebooks and MongoDB.

## Choose Your Option

### Option A: Quick View (only observing)
If you don't want to run any code, you can see the results of the project here:

* **Data Storage:** Data is stored in a MongoDB Atlas cluster.
![Database Screenshot](./assets/mongodb.png)
  > mongodb pic
* **Analysis:** Insights and graphs generated in the Jupyter Notebook.
![Comparing articles' main categories popularity](./assets/main_categories.png)
![Comparing articles count for GenAI models](./assets/genai.png)
![WordCloud for 2010](./assets/wordcloud2010.png)
![WordCloud for 2026](./assets/wordcloud2026.png)

---

### Option B: Run it locally

#### 1. Prerequisites
* [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* You need a MongoDB account. Youc can use your own `MONGO_URI` or ask me for the **Read-Only** access key

#### 2. Configuration
* Create a `.env` file in the root direcotry and add your connection string:
```env
MONGO_URI=mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@cluster.mongodb.net/techscraper
```

#### 3. Execution
* Run only the scrapper (lightweight):
```bash
docker-compose up scraper
```
* To run the scraper with specific parameters:
```bash
# P = number of pages to scrape, S = starting page
docker-compose run scraper --page P --start S
```
* To run the full environment (scraper + analysis notebook):
```bash
docker-compose up full
```
* Then access the Jupyter Notebook at `http://localhost:8888` and open `analysis.ipynb`.

#### 4. Data Analysis


#### 5. Cleanup
When you're done don't forget to stop the containers:
* If you want to stop everything and remove the containers to save RAM/Disk space, run:
```bash
docker-compose down
```

Commit message:

Revise Jupyter Notebook access instructions
Updated instructions for accessing the Jupyter Notebook with specific URL format.

readme.md, after:

# TechScraper
A modular web scraping and data analysis tool designed to extract technical data and visualize it using Jupyter Notebooks and MongoDB.

## Choose Your Option

### Option A: Quick View (only observing)
If you don't want to run any code, you can see the results of the project here:

* **Data Storage:** Data is stored in a MongoDB Atlas cluster.
![Database Screenshot](./assets/mongodb.png)
  > mongodb pic
* **Analysis:** Insights and graphs generated in the Jupyter Notebook.
![Comparing articles' main categories popularity](./assets/main_categories.png)
![Comparing articles count for GenAI models](./assets/genai.png)
![WordCloud for 2010](./assets/wordcloud2010.png)
![WordCloud for 2026](./assets/wordcloud2026.png)

---

### Option B: Run it locally

#### 1. Prerequisites
* [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
* You need a MongoDB account. Youc can use your own `MONGO_URI` or ask me for the **Read-Only** access key

#### 2. Configuration
* Create a `.env` file in the root direcotry and add your connection string:
```env
MONGO_URI=mongodb+srv://<username>:<password>@cluster.mongodb.net/techscraper
```

#### 3. Execution
* Run only the scrapper (lightweight):
```bash
docker-compose up scraper
```
* To run the scraper with specific parameters:
```bash
# P = number of pages to scrape, S = starting page
docker-compose run scraper --page P --start S
```
* To run the full environment (scraper + analysis notebook):
```bash
docker-compose up full
```
* Then access the Jupyter Notebook. Lokk in your terminal for a url looking like this: `http://[ip]:8888/tree?token=[token]` with `[ip]` and `[token]` being unique to you. Then open `analysis.ipynb`.

#### 4. Data Analysis


#### 5. Cleanup
When you're done don't forget to stop the containers:
* If you want to stop everything and remove the containers to save RAM/Disk space, run:
```bash
docker-compose down
```
